src/content/sign-up.md, before:

---
path: '/signup'
title: 'signup'
text: 'Sign Up'
steps:
  [
    {
      step: 1,
      title: 'Create Account',
      button: 'Next',
      rows:
        [
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'firstName',
              label: 'First Name',
              placeholder: 'First Name',
              validation: 'string',
              required: true,
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter your first name',
                      validation: 'Please enter only letters',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'lastName',
              label: 'Last Name',
              placeholder: 'Last Name',
              validation: 'string',
              required: true,
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter your last name',
                      validation: 'Please enter only letters',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'phone',
              name: 'phoneNumber',
              label: 'Phone Number',
              placeholder: '9223 7774',
              prefix: '+44 GB',
              validation: 'number',
              required: true,
              messages:
                {
                  info:
                    'Use your real mobile number, We will text you a link to
                    download the app.',
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter your phone number',
                      validation: 'Please enter only numbers',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'select',
              name: 'role',
              label: 'Role',
              options: ['Manager', 'Waiter'],
              required: true,
              messages: {error: {required: 'please select an option'}},
              width: 6,
            },
          ],
        ],
    },
    {
      step: 2,
      title: 'Set up restaurant',
      button: 'Complete',
      rows:
        [
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'restaurantName',
              label: 'Restaurant Name',
              placeholder: 'Restaurant Name',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the restaurant name',
                      validation: 'Please enter only alphanumeric characters',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'address',
              label: 'Address',
              placeholder: 'Address',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages: {error: {required: 'Please enter the address'}},
              width: 8,
            },
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'postCode',
              label: 'Post Code',
              placeholder: 'Post Code',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the post code',
                      validation: 'Please use only alphanumeric characters',
                    },
                },
              width: 4,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'city',
              label: 'City',
              placeholder: 'City',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the city',
                      validation: 'Please use only alphanumeric characters',
                    },
                },
              width: 6,
            },
            {
              type: 'select',
              name: 'country',
              label: 'Country',
              placeholder: 'Country',
              options: ['United Kingdom', 'Italy', 'United States'],
              width: 6,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'select',
              name: 'timeZone',
              label: 'Time Zone',
              placeholder: 'Time Zone',
              options: ['GMT +001', 'GMT +002', 'GMT +003', 'GMT +004'],
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'phone',
              name: 'restaurantPhone',
              label: 'Restaurant phone number',
              placeholder: '9223 7775',
              prefix: '+44 GB',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  info:
                    'Phone Number Use your real mobile number,  We will text you
                    a link to download the app.',
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the restaurant phone number',
                      validation: 'Please enter only numbers',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'website',
              label: 'Restaurant Website',
              placeholder: 'www.FLG.co.uk',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the website url',
                      validation: 'Please use only alphanumeric characters',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'checkbox',
              name: 'privacy',
              label:
                'I have read and agreed to the Terms of Use and agreed to
                Privacy Policy.',
              required: true,
              validation: 'boolean',
              messages:
                {error: {required: 'Please check out terms and consitions'}},
            },
          ],
        ],
    },
  ]
---

Commit message:

add copy for success screen

src/content/sign-up.md, after:

---
path: '/signup'
title: 'signup'
text: 'Sign Up'
successPage:
  title: 'Done'
  firstParagraph:
    'Downlaod the Carbonara App on your phone or tablet now! Its easy just click
    open the welcome email thats been sent to your email on any device and click
    download. It will take you to the app store.'
  secondParagraph:
    'If you are already on a device , click download to get started now!'
steps:
  [
    {
      step: 1,
      title: 'Create Account',
      button: 'Next',
      rows:
        [
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'firstName',
              label: 'First Name',
              placeholder: 'First Name',
              validation: 'string',
              required: true,
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter your first name',
                      validation: 'Please enter only letters',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'lastName',
              label: 'Last Name',
              placeholder: 'Last Name',
              validation: 'string',
              required: true,
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter your last name',
                      validation: 'Please enter only letters',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'phone',
              name: 'phoneNumber',
              label: 'Phone Number',
              placeholder: '9223 7774',
              prefix: '+44 GB',
              validation: 'number',
              required: true,
              messages:
                {
                  info:
                    'Use your real mobile number, We will text you a link to
                    download the app.',
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter your phone number',
                      validation: 'Please enter only numbers',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'select',
              name: 'role',
              label: 'Role',
              options: ['Manager', 'Waiter'],
              required: true,
              messages: {error: {required: 'please select an option'}},
              width: 6,
            },
          ],
        ],
    },
    {
      step: 2,
      title: 'Set up restaurant',
      button: 'Complete',
      rows:
        [
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'restaurantName',
              label: 'Restaurant Name',
              placeholder: 'Restaurant Name',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the restaurant name',
                      validation: 'Please enter only alphanumeric characters',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'address',
              label: 'Address',
              placeholder: 'Address',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages: {error: {required: 'Please enter the address'}},
              width: 8,
            },
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'postCode',
              label: 'Post Code',
              placeholder: 'Post Code',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the post code',
                      validation: 'Please use only alphanumeric characters',
                    },
                },
              width: 4,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'city',
              label: 'City',
              placeholder: 'City',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the city',
                      validation: 'Please use only alphanumeric characters',
                    },
                },
              width: 6,
            },
            {
              type: 'select',
              name: 'country',
              label: 'Country',
              placeholder: 'Country',
              options: ['United Kingdom', 'Italy', 'United States'],
              width: 6,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'select',
              name: 'timeZone',
              label: 'Time Zone',
              placeholder: 'Time Zone',
              options: ['GMT +001', 'GMT +002', 'GMT +003', 'GMT +004'],
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'phone',
              name: 'restaurantPhone',
              label: 'Restaurant phone number',
              placeholder: '9223 7775',
              prefix: '+44 GB',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  info:
                    'Phone Number Use your real mobile number,  We will text you
                    a link to download the app.',
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the restaurant phone number',
                      validation: 'Please enter only numbers',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'text',
              name: 'website',
              label: 'Restaurant Website',
              placeholder: 'www.FLG.co.uk',
              required: true,
              validation: 'string',
              messages:
                {
                  error:
                    {
                      required: 'Please enter the website url',
                      validation: 'Please use only alphanumeric characters',
                    },
                },
              width: 12,
            },
          ],
          [
            {
              type: 'checkbox',
              name: 'privacy',
              label:
                'I have read and agreed to the Terms of Use and agreed to
                Privacy Policy.',
              required: true,
              validation: 'boolean',
              messages:
                {error: {required: 'Please check out terms and consitions'}},
            },
          ],
        ],
    },
  ]
---
